#Your song

*My gift is my song and this one's for you
And you can tell everybody this is your song* **Elton John**

An art creation is composed of the experiences of the artist: All the present and past feelings, all the places, all the music listened, all the movies watched, other people, current events. All that information gets mixed by an unknown algorithm and it results in the creation of a piece of art.
That is the real challenge: The algorithm.

Because we can decompose all that data in numeric equivalents. We have audio, image and video files, which are composed by binary data. We even have representations of feelings made of words, images, colors, rhythms and sounds, and those representations can be translated to numbers.

Now, what operations must we apply to those representations in order to get a meaningful result? Nowadays, companies take all this data and create models. They use it to do market research, product placement and other studies. So we now that our information, including our feelings, can be quantified, analyzed and processed. And the most important of all, the result of those processes is meaningful. 

So, instead of use the algorithm that tells me if someone wants to eat a burger or buy a computer, why not one that simply creates an art piece?

My application will take information will take some of that information and will create one song. One simple song as a result of who we in the exact moment the song is created. That song will have to fit to the minimum criteria needed to be considered music. That song, just like one composed by a human, will have to be almost unique; a snapshot representing the user in that specific moment.





